# folderwatcher
The aim of the project is to apply reactive programming techniques with RxJS to produce a responsive web application that can track and display change in a remote shared folder.

The project is a web application that allows user to view and track change in a remote shared folder. The application uses a Pseudo-RESTful service developed using Java Spring on the backend to retrieve data about the remote folder. On the frontend, the application is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with the use of RxJS for implementing reactive programming.

The primary functionality of the application is to display the contents of the remote shared folder on the client-side and update the presentation if any changes are made to the remote folder.  The user can set the time interval for update by inputting a value n in a text field. The content is updated each n seconds, where n is an input parameter. The application uses the RxJS interval operator to trigger update at the set interval.

The client will have a simple user interface with an input field for the n parameter and a start/stop button to control the updates. When the user clicks the start button, the application starts updating the presentation at the set interval. The button text changes to "Stop," and when the user clicks the end button, the application stops updating the display.  The content display will be a grid of icons representing files and folders. The icon will be created and modified using JavaScript, and the presentation will be updated in real-time using the RxJS operators. 

To implement this functionality, the application uses the RxJS Subject and takeUntil operator to manage the start and end events.  The Subject is used to emit the start and end events, and the takeUntil operator is used to stop update the presentation when the end result is emitted. In addition to displaying the remote folder contents, the application also tracks change in the remote folder by using the RxJS fetch method to periodically retrieve the contents of the remote folder and compare them to the previous contents. If any changes are detected, the application update the presentation accordingly.
